The exponential operator has a higher precedence than either * or /. Also, this operator is right associative, which means that consecutive applications of this operator are evaluated from right to left rather than from left to right.

Be sure to reuse your solution from Programming Exercise 7.5 as your starter file for the scanner.py, tokens.py and converter.py files.

Thus, the value of the expression 2 ^ 2 ^ 3 is equivalent to 2 ^ (2 ^ 3) or 256, not (2 ^ 2) ^ 3 or 64. You must modify the algorithm from infix to postfix, a conversion to place the operands as well as the operators in the appropriate positions in the postfix string.

In the Token class of the tokens.py file, complete the following:

Add the left parenthesis operator ((), to the expression language processed by the infix to postfix converter.
Add an instance variable as LPAR and set the right parenthesis operator to 10
In the makeType() method add the left parenthesis operator
Add the right parenthesis operator ()), to the expression language processed by the infix to postfix converter.
Add an instance variable as RPAR and set the right parenthesis operator to 11
In the makeType() method add the right parenthesis operator
In the IFToPFConverter class of the converter.py file, complete the following:

Modify the convert() method to include the left and right parenthesis for proper conversion of operands and operators in parentheses to the postfix string.
If the current token is LPAR
Push the currentToken to the stack
If the current token is RPAR
Remove the item at the top of stack and set it as topOperator
While topOperator is not equal to LPAR
Append the topOperator to postfix
Remove the item at the top of the stack
To test your program run the main() method in the converter.py file.

Your program's output should look like the following:

Enter an infix expression: 2 ^ 2 ^ 3
Postfix: 2 2 3 ^ ^ 
Enter an infix expression: 2 ^ (2 ^ 3)
Postfix: 2 2 3 ^ ^ 
The test above is using the 2 ^ 2 ^ 3 and then with parentheses 2 ^ (2 ^ 3) as the infix expressions.